.TH OFFWALL.INI 4
.SH NAME
offwall.ini \- The general configuration file for OFFWall
.SH DESCRIPTION
The offwall.ini file conforms to the informal INI format.
It is read by OFFWall and expresses its general configuration.
.PP
You can write comments in lines beginning with a ; character.
The file consists of [Sections] of \fIkey\fR=value pairs:
.PP
.B [Connection]
.PP
If the section is not available it defaults to uri=tcp:127.0.0.1:6633.
.TP
.I uri
Expects an OpenFlow Connection URI which consists of protocol:address:port.
The protocol part can be tcp or tls (if TLS support is available).
The address part is an IPv4 or IPv6 address.
The port part is an optional TCP port and defaults to 6633.
.TP
.I pkcs12
If uri's protocol is tls this has to be the path to a PKCS #12 bundle file with a certificate, its chain of trust, and its private key.
.TP
.I passwd
The password for pkcs12's private key.
.PP
.B [Table]
.PP
If the section is not available it defaults to id=0.
.TP
.I id
The OpenFlow Table ID where OFFWall stores its flow entries.
Expects an unsigned 8 bit integer.
.PP
.B [Ports]
.PP
This section holds four key=value pairs of the same kind.
The value is an unsigned 32 bit OpenFlow switch port number.
The key can be one of the following:
.TP
.I inside
Identifies the port to the inside network.
.TP
.I fw_in
Identifies the port to the firewall's connection with the inside network.
.TP
.I fw_out
Identifies the port to the firewall's connection with the outside network.
.TP
.I outside
Identifies the port to the outside network.
.PP
.B [Networks]
.TP
.I inside
The inside network's IP range in CIDR notation.
The OpenFlow matches' inbound and outbound directions are derived from this information.
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
[Connection]
uri=tcp:192.0.2.1:6633

; A TLS connection setup:
; uri=tls:192.0.2.1:6633
; pkcs12=/etc/offwall.p12
; passwd=s3cr3t

[Table]
id=0

[Ports]
inside=1
fw_in=2
fw_out=3
outside=4

[Networks]
inside=192.0.2.0/28
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR offwall (1)
